- Last Week
	- SDC
		- Met with State Trails team to talk trails nuance and ArcGIS
		- Connected `/stamp/collect` endpoint to ArcGIS which allows automatic stamp collection entirely on the server side without us having our own copy of the GeoJSON data
		- Icon tweaks
	- V2 (Warehouse)
		- [V2-206] Added reusable modal dialog component
		- [V2-148] POC implementations of various sidebar design choices
		- Slimmed down V2 git history (to 15mb) in [Version-2-prune](https://github.com/ncdpr/Version-2-prune)
- This Week
	- SDC
		- Rename tables & fields in schema to match conventions set in [V2-66] (s/o Jake F)
		- Create generic hook for sorting & filtering a list of objects
		- Redesign `/notes` endpoints for better DX on frontend when creating/updating
		- Begin (re)commenting codebase with JSDoc
	- V2
		- Implement header / combine header and sidebar

## John
- day trips??
- i forget what its called
	- administrative workshop, will likely break up into groups of two
	- we have half an hour to present on tues august 5th
	- everyone is saying at haw river, no hotel rooms
	- good resource to find out what's going on in the dept, and also for us to tell other ppl what's going on in our team

## Cathy
- have some tickets, ask her to help out if you get bored

## Benson
- WTF is B0149?? ask zelda, ian

## Ian
- need to run reset command for git

## Michael
- visitation almost done, does he wanna migrate to v2?

## Janet
- tile component

## Rachel
- made a11y standards, use them. on jira under v2 & sharepoint

## Tom
- stressing to go to the conference
- talk to people, answer questions, go above and beyond
- dont just sit in the back, be a contributor
- LORE: everything was sent from the parks to ARCH via a form. 

## Tony
- stood up for raleigh, gotta make that human to human connection
- 

