During the project the primary skill I was able to provide to my team was my ability to resolve disputes and reach a consensus on design decisions and technical nuances. I made my role into one where I'd back up my perspective and listen to what not necessarily what each person wanted but what the team needed to reach our goals. I was able to achieve this by adopting more of a higher-level approach, letting teammates focus on the nitty gritty of individual systems.

Being 2 hours away was very challenging. I also work full time so it was difficult to schedule times where everyone would meet together. The time difference alone was enough of a hurdle, but sometimes I'd get off work and be kind of out of it and not pay as much attention to the meetings or give as much mental effort towards the conversation as I should have. These were the early signs that something needed to change in our workflow.

The physical separation between me and my team gave me insight to the challenges working in an international or multicultural environment. At first we got frustrated by the timings or sparsity of the meetings. Over time we released that these limited the efficacy of synchronous meetings and that a change needed to be implemented. We switched to relying on technical documentation as our primary form of communication and decision making instead of synchronous meetings. After we made this change there was a notable spike in team productivity. I was able to leverage my skills as a mediator more effectively and the entire team had a far easier time articulating the nuances of their ideas.

Overall through the experience of the project I was able to learn first hand what working across a time difference was like. Naturally overcoming this discrepancy by shifting our focus to documenting things as opposed to relying on meetings for everything gave me insight into what to focus on to work effectively as a team.